README.md, before:

# Welcome to my Maps Tutorial Repository! 🗺️

### This tutorial will teach you how to create _static_ and _interactive_ maps in R!

### Click to access my [Maps Tutorial](https://eddatascienceees.github.io/tutorial-giadaleone99/maps_tutorial.html )

This tutorial is aimed at people who have some experience in using R and would like to try spatial data visualisation by using R as a GIS like software using specific packages.

## Repository Structure 📁
The subfolders within this repository and their contents
* [data](https://github.com/EdDataScienceEES/tutorial-giadaleone99/tree/master/data): contains the necessary .csv file to complete the tutorial
* [r_files](https://github.com/EdDataScienceEES/tutorial-giadaleone99/tree/master/r_files): contains my script for the tutorial
* [outputs](https://github.com/EdDataScienceEES/tutorial-giadaleone99/tree/master/outputs): contains a static map, due to the nature of the interactive maps those could not be saved as images
* [other](https://github.com/EdDataScienceEES/tutorial-giadaleone99/tree/master/other): contains other material and snapshots used to create the tutorial



## Workflow for the creation of the tutorial 

1. Choose a quantitative skill to teach in R
2. Determine clear and measurable learning objectives 
3. Write the tutorial script in R
4. Create markdown document with explanations and figures
5. publish the HTML output on GitHub pages

Commit message:

Giada adds contact email to README

README.md, after:

# Welcome to my Maps Tutorial Repository! 🗺️

### This tutorial will teach you how to create _static_ and _interactive_ maps in R!

### Click to access my [Maps Tutorial](https://eddatascienceees.github.io/tutorial-giadaleone99/maps_tutorial.html )

This tutorial is aimed at people who have some experience in using R and would like to try spatial data visualisation by using R as a GIS like software using specific packages.

If you have any questions regarding the tutorial you can contact me at: giada.leone99@outlook.com

## Repository Structure 📁
The subfolders within this repository and their contents
* [data](https://github.com/EdDataScienceEES/tutorial-giadaleone99/tree/master/data): contains the necessary .csv file to complete the tutorial
* [r_files](https://github.com/EdDataScienceEES/tutorial-giadaleone99/tree/master/r_files): contains my script for the tutorial
* [outputs](https://github.com/EdDataScienceEES/tutorial-giadaleone99/tree/master/outputs): contains a static map, due to the nature of the interactive maps those could not be saved as images
* [other](https://github.com/EdDataScienceEES/tutorial-giadaleone99/tree/master/other): contains other material and snapshots used to create the tutorial



## Workflow for the creation of the tutorial 

1. Choose a quantitative skill to teach in R
2. Determine clear and measurable learning objectives 
3. Write the tutorial script in R
4. Create markdown document with explanations and figures
5. publish the HTML output on GitHub pages
